PRIMARY PHOTO EDUCATION LLC

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR WORKSHOP, ONE-ON-ONE CLASSES AND GIFTS



By checking the box you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to Primary Photo Education LLC. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and Primary Photo Education LLC, or either the Client or Primary Photo Education LLC. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing United States Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.

Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers.
Confidentiality

All Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.
We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer

Exclusions and Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
Payment
Primary Photo Education accepts all major Debit and Credit Cards. Our Terms are payment in full at time of service reservation. All goods and services remain the property of the Company until paid for in full.

Cancellation Policy
Minimum 48 hours notice of cancellation required for one-on-one seminars, and 7 days (1 week) for workshop classes. Notification for instance, in person, via email, mobile phone or any other means will be accepted subject to confirmation in writing. We reserve the right to levy a $30 charge to cover any subsequent administrative expenses.
Termination of Agreements and Refunds Policy

Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.

Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within Portland, Oregon U.S.A. All advertising is intended solely for the U.S. market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.
Links from this website
We do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.
Copyright Notice
Copyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company’s services and the full content of this website.
Communication
We have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
This company is registered to do business in the U.S.A., registered office 8606 NE Russell St.
Portland, Oregon 97220
Force Majeure

In consideration of my participation in the activity, I hereby waive all claims or causes of action against Primary Photo Education LLC, its auxiliary organizations, and the officers, directors, employees and agents of all of them, arising out of my participation in the activity and hereby release, hold harmless, and discharge The Company from all liability in connection therewith. Knowing, understanding, and fully appreciating all possible risks, I hereby expressly, voluntarily, and willingly assume all risks and dangers associated with my participation in this activity.  Some of the risks and dangers are listed below.  I understand this list is not exhaustive.  Common risks include: Travel to and from home and activity meeting location, overnight stay, food poisoning, theft, car accident, pedestrian accident, tripping, slipping, falling etc. Mode of Travel (e.g. public transportation, personal vehicle, helicopter, airplane). In addition, by virtue of signing this document, I have been advised to obtain personal medical insurance coverage if I currently am without medical coverage through the date of the activity. Furthermore, I agree to use my personal medical insurance coverage for any and all medical coverage payments if accident or injury occurs.
Waiver

By checking the box I assure that I have read this waiver and release and understand the terms used in it and their legal significance.  This waiver and release is freely and voluntarily given with the understanding that right to legal recourse against The Company is knowingly given up in return for allowing my participation in the activity.  My electronic signature on this document is intended to bind not only myself but also my successors, heirs, representatives, administrators, and assigns.
General

The laws of the United States govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website and using our services you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.
Notification of Changes
The Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basis
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.
© Primary Photo Education LLC 2013 All Rights Reserved
